[ANT-3092] Valeur par defaut des bornes des variables (#2814)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator: docs/user-guide/modeler/02-inputs.md

        expression: sum_connections(injections.flow) = 0
~~~

- **id**: an ID for the model. Must be unique inside the scope of the library, and
  respect [these rules](#rules-for-ids).
- **description** _(optional)_: a free description of the model. Has no effect on the simulation.
- **parameters** _(optional)_: a collection of parameters for the model. The values for these parameters will be set in
  the [system file](#system-file).
    - **id**: an ID for the parameter. Must be unique inside the scope of the model, and
      respect [these rules](#rules-for-ids).
    - **time-dependent**: `true` or `false`, indicates whether the parameter depends on time or is constant across the
      whole simulation horizon.
    - **scenario-dependent**: `true` or `false`, indicates whether the parameter changes depending on the simulated
      scenario, or is the same for all scenarios.
- **variables** _(optional)_: a collection of optimization variables that are defined for this model
    - **id**: an ID for the variable. Must be unique inside the scope of the model, and
      respect [these rules](#rules-for-ids).
    - **variable-type**: `continuous`, `integer`, or `binary`

>     - **lower-bound**: an [expression](#expressions) representing the lower bound of the variable. Must use scalars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **lower-bound** _(optional)_: an [expression](#expressions) representing the lower bound of the variable. Must use scalars
```

>       and/or parameters only. If missing default to -inf for continuous and integer type or 0 for binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and/or parameters only. If missing, defaults to -inf for continuous and integer types, or 0 for binary.
```

>     - **upper-bound**: an [expression](#expressions) representing the upper bound of the variable. Must use scalars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **upper-bound** _(optional)_: an [expression](#expressions) representing the upper bound of the variable. Must use scalars
```

>       and/or parameters only. If missing default to +inf for continuous and integer type or 1 for binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and/or parameters only. If missing, defaults to +inf for continuous and integer types, or 1 for binary.
```
